Title: SLVS Library Functions
Date: 2016-08-17 12:00
Category: 2016bg2
Tags: Kmol, SWIG, Solvespace, CDemo, Python-Solvespace
Author: 40323230


1. `slvs` library（`_slvs.pyd`or `_slvs.so`）for Python.

1. Retrieve for Python Programing Design.

*Content to be amended*

*08/17 Updated*

<!-- PELICAN_END_SUMMARY -->

**Quick Search**
===

[Brief introduction](#FOREWORD)
---

[CDemo](#CDemo)｜[SLVS Library](#SLVS)

[How to start](#START)
---

[Entities](#ENTITIES)
---

[Point](#Point)｜[Work Plane](#Workplane)｜[Distance](#Distance)｜[Normal](#Normal)

[Line Segment](#Line)｜[Arc (have a center)](#Arc)｜[Circle](#Circle)｜[Bezier curve](#Cubic)

[Constraints](#CONSTRAINTS)
---

[Distance](#C-Distance)｜[Ratio of Line Segment](#C-Ratio)｜[Diameter](#C-Diameter)｜[Angle](#C-Angle)

[Coincide](#C-On)｜[Equal](#C-Equal)｜[Locked position](#C-Dragged)｜[Middle point](#C-Midpoint)

[Symmetric](#C-Symmetric)｜[Horizontal & Vertical](#C-HV)｜[Parallel](#C-Parallel)｜[Tangent](#C-Tangent)

[Functions that not in use](#ADD)
---

<hr>

<a name="FOREWORD"></a>Brief Introduction
===

SLVS Library is compose by C language, Although `slvs.py` was translate to Python interface, but some function names has change.

So I record these function, that how to use in Python program.

<a name="CDemo"></a>CDemo
---

SolveSpace is an open source 2D / 3D computer-aided design and drafting software, from 2008 released the first version, compatible with Windows / Mac / Linux three platforms.

Has a small size, perform fast, free, and no installation features, STEP or STL support open, or exported into DXF, PDF, SVG and other open formats, also has its own text-based format `*.slvs`.

For updating, you can go to GitHub's [official storage](https://github.com/solvespace/solvespace"github.com") or [unofficial storage](https://github.com/whitequark/solvespace"github.com") to download the latest source code, the direct use of developer tools (such as GNU) compile the main program.

Solvespace has another small executable file named CDemo, compiled with source code of Solvespace.

You can use this external program call library of Solvespace `libslvs.dll` be 2D or 3D computing problem-solving, and without startup Solvespace.

The concept of CDemo is be able to use an external program to call functions from Solvespace, whether it is using its maximum travel untied, the interference position. You can use this app without need to use CAD software to personally solving problems by you self.

<a name="SLVS"></a>SLVS Library
---

CDemo compiled from C language. Solvespace database using the C++ compiler is useful and fast of course, but the utilization of more limited.

Python language has a lot of custom modules, easy-reading function, and has another scopes in the Internet than the C language, if Solvespace use database conversion, will make these Python programs have online problem-solving ability, mechanical design in particular it is a lot easier.

In Python link library, `*.pyd` is similar to C language dynamic load library `*.dll` in Windows; `*.so` is the most open operating systems (such as Ubuntu) in use. Advantage of `*.so` is beneficial to share information, perform file and database separation, updated library more convenient.

Concept of the production Python-Solvespace is using SWIG to create a C ++ to Python port to make any use of Anaconda 3 (Python 3.5) of Python programs are able to use the library of Solvespace.

When Solvespace the function is converted into when Python interface, but also want to keep consistently fresh and understandable names for this language, so I especially reclassified these names and usage instructions.

Below the title is original name of the command code, the database using to identify the type of command.

<hr>

<a name="START"></a>Starting Draw and Solve
===

To use SLVS database must be converted through the `slvs.py` interface.

Use the following command in your Python program:

<pre class="brush: python">
#Import "slvs.py".
from slvs import *

#Import Solid Python.
#If not using Solid Python, don't need to do this.
import solid

#Your system, and it's supporting number of params.
#Default Units 50
#If your system is in a loop, it's params will be re-clear.
sys = System(20)
...
</pre>

For the implementation of problem-solving, Python program must use the following command:

<pre class="brush: python">
#Implementation of problem-solving.
sys.solve()
#Another command.
Slvs_Solve(sys, g)

#Return result value as follows.
if (sys.result == SLVS_RESULT_OKAY):
    ...
elif (sys.result == SLVS_RESULT_INCONSISTENT):
    print ("solve failed")
    print ("SLVS_RESULT_INCONSISTENT")
    print ("%d DOF" % sys.dof)
elif (sys.result == SLVS_RESULT_DIDNT_CONVERGE):
    print ("solve failed")
    print ("SLVS_RESULT_DIDNT_CONVERGE")
    print ("%d DOF" % sys.dof)
elif (sys.result == SLVS_RESULT_TOO_MANY_UNKNOWNS):
    print ("solve failed")
    print ("SLVS_RESULT_TOO_MANY_UNKNOWNS")
    print ("%d DOF" % sys.dof)
</pre>

After the execution of problem-solving program, there will be three results:

1. All constraints were satisfied to within our numerical tolerance (i.e., success). The result is equal to `SLVS_RESULT_OKAY`, entities that not fully constrained will be moved to meet the conditions of, but may not meet your expectations.

1. The solver can prove that two constraints are inconsistent (for example, if a line with nonzero length is constrained both horizontal and vertical). The result is equal to `SLVS_RESULT_INCONSISTENT`.

1. The solver cannot prove that two constraints are inconsistent, but it cannot find a solution. The result is equal to `SLVS_RESULT_DIDNT_CONVERGE`.

Finally, the following function can call to check the results.

<pre class="brush: python">
#Entities result.
#Precision floating-point format.
sys.get_param(0).val
</pre>

And too serious error will return `SLVS_RESULT_TOO_MANY_UNKNOWNS`. You must checkout your Python library or SLVS library is damaged or not.

<hr>

<a name="ENTITIES"></a>Types of Entities
===

`SLVS_E`

Entity type, object parts for problem-solving. Entity has some sub-categories.

1. <kbd>Point</kbd> This object belongs to Point.

1. <kbd>LineSegment</kbd> This object belongs to Line Segment.

1. <kbd>Circular</kbd> This object belongs to Circular.

1. No label items belonging to sub-categories of <kbd>Entity</kbd> .

According to these relations, in the constraint must determine its classification to fill.

When function input "`, sys`" after value, it can record into `sys` (There maybe exist `sys2` or `sys3`). It can also use `sys.add_` to input to current system.

```
add_param( )
add_point2d( )
add_point3d( )
add_entity( )
```

As same as take them out (Add the specified number).

```
get_Point2d( )
get_Point3d( )
get_LineSegment2d( )
get_LineSegment3d( )
get_Normal3d( )
get_Distance( )
get_Workplane( )
get_Cubic( )
get_Circle( )
get_ArcOfCircle( )
```

<a name="Point"></a>Point
---

`SLVS_E_POINT_IN_3D`

<kbd>Entity</kbd> / <kbd>Point</kbd> / <kbd>Point3d</kbd>

Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Point3d(Param x, Param y, Param z)
</pre>

Representative of a point in space.

`SLVS_E_POINT_IN_2D`

<kbd>Entity</kbd> / <kbd>Point</kbd> / <kbd>Point2d</kbd>

Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Point2d(Workplane workplane, Param u, Param v)
</pre>

Representative a point on a work plane.

<a name="Normal"></a>Normal
---

`SLVS_E_NORMAL_IN_3D`

<kbd>Entity</kbd> / <kbd>Normal3d</kbd>

Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Normal3d(Param qw, Param qx, Param qy, Param qz)
</pre>

Representative of a normal in space.

`SLVS_E_NORMAL_IN_2D`

<kbd>Entity</kbd> / <kbd>Normal3d</kbd> / <kbd>Normal2d</kbd>

Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Normal3d(Workplane wrkpl)
</pre>

Representative of a normal line perpendicular to the work plane.

In SolveSpace, "normals" represent a 3x3 rotation matrix from our base coordinate system to a new frame. Defined by the unit quaternion w, x, y, z.

It is useful to think of this quaternion as representing a plane through the origin. This plane has three associated vectors: basis vectors U, V that lie within the plane, and normal N that is perpendicular to it. This means that

        [ U V N ]'

defines a 3x3 rotation matrix. So U, V, and N all have unit length, and are orthogonal so that

```
U cross V = N
V cross N = U
N cross U = V
```

Convenience functions `Slvs_Quaternion` are provided to convert between this representation as vectors U, V, N and the unit quaternion.

A unit quaternion has only 3 degrees of freedom, but is specified in terms of 4 parameters. An extra constraint is therefore generatedimplicitly, that

`w^2 + x^2 + y^2 + z^2 = 1`

Make a Quaternion for a Work Plane <kbd>Tips</kbd>
---

To define a plane consisting by the `U [1 0 0]` vector (equivalent X-axis) and `V [0 1 0]` vector (equivalent Y axis) need for 3D normals.

If you don't know how to calculated quaternion, can be reached using the following functions:

<pre class="brush: python">
#Conversion quaternion
qw, qx, qy, qz = MakeQuaternion(1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0)

#Take into the 3D normal function
normal = Normal3d(Param(qw), Param(qx), Param(qy), Param(qz), sys)

#Make a working plane
c = Point3d(Param(0.0), Param(0.0), Param(0.0))
plane = Workplane(c, normal)
</pre>

When creating 2D plane, using this formula is very convenient.

The following are the different planes reference:

```
XY plane: [1 0 0], [0 1 0]
MakeQuaternion(1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0)

YZ plane: [0 1 0], [0 0 1]
MakeQuaternion(0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1)

XZ plane: [1 0 0], [0 0 1]
MakeQuaternion(1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1)
```

<a name="Distance"></a>Distance
---

`SLVS_E_DISTANCE`

<kbd>Entity</kbd> / <kbd>Distance</kbd>

Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Distance(Workplane wrkpl, Param distance)
</pre>

Representative of a distance parallel a work plane.

<a name="Workplane"></a>Work Plane
---

<kbd>Entity</kbd> / <kbd>Workplane</kbd>

`SLVS_E_WORKPLANE`

Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Workplane(Point3d origin, Normal3d normal)
</pre>

Representative of a work plane through the origin, perpendicular to a normal.

<a name="Line"></a>Line Segment
---

`SLVS_E_LINE_SEGMENT`

<kbd>Entity</kbd> / <kbd>LineSegment</kbd> / <kbd>LineSegment3d</kbd>

<kbd>3D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
LineSegment3d(Point3d a, Point3d b)
</pre>

<kbd>Entity</kbd> / <kbd>LineSegment</kbd> / <kbd>LineSegment2d</kbd>

<kbd>2D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
LineSegment2d(Workplane wrkpl, Point2d a, Point2d b)
</pre>

Draw a straight line between two `Point2d / 3d` point.

Representative of a connection between two points.

<a name="Cubic"></a>Cubic
---

`SLVS_E_CUBIC`

<kbd>Entity</kbd> / <kbd>Cubic</kbd>

<kbd>3D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Cubic(Point3d pt0, Point3d pt1, Point3d pt2, Point3d pt3)
</pre>

<kbd>2D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Cubic(Workplane wrkpl, Point2d pt0, Point2d pt1, Point2d pt2, Point2d pt3)
</pre>

Bezier curve consisting of four points, whether it be 2D or 3D construction, will be treated as 3D objects.

Four point formula is as follows:

`
Equation (t from 0 to 1 points)
p(t) = P0*(1 - t)^3 + 3*P1*(1 - t)^2*t + 3*P2*(1 - t)*t^2 + P3*t^3
`

<a name="Circle"></a>Circle
---

<kbd>Entity</kbd> / <kbd>Circular</kbd> / <kbd>Circle</kbd>

`SLVS_E_CIRCLE`

Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Circle(Workplane wrkpl, Normal3d normal, Point2d center, Distance radius)
</pre>

Representative of a circle perpendicular with a `Normal3d` normal, parallel with a `Workplane` plane, constitute by a `Point2d` center and a `Distance` radius.

<a name="Arc"></a>Arc of Circle
---

`SLVS_E_ARC_OF_CIRCLE`

<kbd>Circular</kbd> / <kbd>ArcOfCircle</kbd>

Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
ArcOfCircle(Workplane wrkpl, Normal3d normal, Point2d center, Point2d start, Point2d end)
</pre>

Representative of an arc perpendicular with a `Normal3d` normal, parallel with a `Workplane` plane, constitute by a `Point2d` center, a `Point2d` start point, and a `Point2d` endpoint.

<hr>

<a name="CONSTRAINTS"></a>Types of Constrains
===

`SLVS_C`

Constraints type. Most of the instruction will automatically determine the situation.

1. <kbd>3D</kbd> Such constraints can only be used in 3D or projected onto a plane.

1. <kbd>2D</kbd> Such constraints can only be used in a 2D plane.

1. <kbd>Val</kbd> Such constraints must be set additional reference value.

Enter the value of the last side to join the group numbers can be specified group (Default `Slvs_hGroup group = USE_DEFAULT_GROUP`).

Direct command constraint(But you should filled zero in empty entry):

<pre class="brush: python">
Slvs_MakeConstraint(h, group, type, wrkpl, valA, ptA, ptB, entityA, entityB,  entityC,  entityD, other, other2)
</pre>

<a name="C-Distance"></a>Distance <kbd>Val</kbd>
---

`SLVS_C_PT_PT_DISTANCE`
---

<kbd>3D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.distance(double value, Point3d p1, Point3d p2)
</pre>

<kbd>2D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.distance(double value, Workplane wrkpl, Point p1, Point p2)
</pre>

Constraints two `Point 2d / 3d` distance.

`SLVS_C_PROJ_PT_DISTANCE`
---

<kbd>3D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.distance_proj(double value, Point3d p1, Point3d p2, Workplane wrkpl)
</pre>

Constraints two `Point 3d` projected to` Workplane` distance.

`SLVS_C_PT_PLANE_DISTANCE`
---

<kbd>3D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.distance(double value, Workplane wrkpl, Point3d p)
</pre>

Distance from a `Point3d` to a `Workplane`.

Positive and negative values will be predetermined distance above or below the plane.

`SLVS_C_PT_LINE_DISTANCE`
---

<kbd>3D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.distance(double value, Point3d p, LineSegment3d line)
</pre>

<kbd>2D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.distance(double value, Workplane wrkpl, Point p, LineSegment2d line)
</pre>

Distance from a `Point 2d/3d` to a` LineSegment2d/3d`.

Positive and negative values will be predetermined distance above or below the line segment.

<a name="C-On"></a>On
---

`SLVS_C_POINTS_COINCIDENT`
---

<kbd>3D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.on(Point3d p1, Point3d p2)
</pre>

<kbd>2D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.on(Workplane wrkpl, Point p1, Point p2)
</pre>

Two `Point2d/3d` coordinates equal.

`SLVS_C_PT_IN_PLANE`
---

<kbd>3D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.on(Workplane wrkpl, Point3d p)
</pre>

A `Point3d` will be fixed on a `Workplane`.

`SLVS_C_PT_ON_LINE`
---

<kbd>3D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.on(Point3d p, LineSegment3d line)
</pre>

<kbd>2D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.on(Workplane wrkpl, Point p, LineSegment2d line)
</pre>

A `Point2d/3d` will be fixed on a `LineSegment2d/3d`.

Note that this constraint removes one degree of freedom when projected in to the plane, but two degrees of freedom in 3d.

`SLVS_C_PT_ON_CIRCLE`
---

<kbd>2D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.on(Workplane wrkpl, Point p, Circle circle)
</pre>

A `Point2d` will be fixed on a `Circle`.

<a name="C-Equal"></a>Equal
---

`SLVS_C_EQUAL_LENGTH_LINES`
---

<kbd>2D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.equal(Workplane wrkpl, LineSegment2d line1, LineSegment2d line line2)
</pre>

Two length of `LineSegment2d` will be same.

`SLVS_C_EQ_LEN_PT_LINE_D`
---

<kbd>2D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.equal(Workplane wrkpl, Point2d p, LineSegment2d line1, LineSegment2d line line2)
</pre>

Length of first `LineSegment2d` will as same as a distance of a `Point2d` to second `LineSegment2d`.

`SLVS_C_EQ_PT_LN_DISTANCES`
---

<kbd>2D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.equal_point_line(Workplane wrkpl, Point2d p1, Point2d p2, LineSegment2d line1, LineSegment2d line2)
</pre>

Distance of first `Point2d` to first `LineSegment2d` will as same as next distance of second `Point2d`to second `LineSegment2d`.

`SLVS_C_EQUAL_ANGLE`
---

<kbd>2D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.equal_angle(Workplane wrkpl, LineSegment2d line1, LineSegment2d line2, LineSegment2d line3, LineSegment2d line4)
</pre>

Angle of first `LineSegment2d` to second `LineSegment2d` will as same as next angle of third `LineSegment2d`to fourth `LineSegment2d`.

`SLVS_C_EQUAL_LINE_ARC_LEN`
---

<kbd>2D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.equal(Workplane wrkpl, LineSegment2d line, Circular c)
</pre>

Length of a `LineSegment2d` and Arc length of a `Circular` will be same.

`SLVS_C_EQUAL_RADIUS`
---

<kbd>3D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.equal_radius(Workplane wrkpl, Circular c1, Circular c2)
</pre>

Two radius of `Circular` will be same.

`SLVS_C_SAME_ORIENTATION`
---

<kbd>3D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.orientation(Normal3d nrml1, Normal3d nrml2)
</pre>

Two direction of `Normal3d` will be same.

<a name="C-Ratio"></a>Ratio of Length <kbd>Val</kbd>
---

`SLVS_C_LENGTH_RATIO`
---

<kbd>2D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.ratio(double value, Workplane wrkpl, LineSegment2d line1, LineSegment2d line2)
</pre>

The ratio of first `LineSegment2d` to second `LineSegment2d`.

<a name="C-Symmetric"></a>Symmetric
---

`SLVS_C_SYMMETRIC`
---

<kbd>3D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.symmetric(Workplane wrkpl, Point3d p1, Point3d p2)
</pre>

<kbd>2D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.symmetric(Workplane wrkpl, Point2d p1, Point2d p2)
</pre>

Two `Point2d/3d` will symmetric to a work plane.

This means that they are on opposite sides of the plane and at equal distances from the plane, and that the line connecting ptA and ptB is normal to the plane.

`SLVS_C_SYMMETRIC_HORIZ`
---

<kbd>2D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.symmetric_H(Workplane wrkpl, Point2d p1, Point2d p2)
</pre>

Two `Point2d` will be locked in the same horizontal coordinate.

`SLVS_C_SYMMETRIC_VERT`
---

<kbd>2D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.symmetric_V(Workplane wrkpl, Point2d p1, Point2d p2)
</pre>

Two `Point2d`will be locked in the same vertical coordinate.

`SLVS_C_SYMMETRIC_LINE`
---

<kbd>2D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.symmetric(Workplane wrkpl, Point2d p1, Point2d p2, LineSegment2d line)
</pre>

Two `Point2d` will symmetric to the `LineSegment2d`.

<a name="C-Midpoint"></a>Middle point
---

`SLVS_C_AT_MIDPOINT`
---

<kbd>3D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.midpoint(Point3d p, LineSegment3d line)
</pre>

<kbd>2D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.midpoint(Workplane wrkpl, Point2d p, LineSegment2d line)
</pre>

Let a `Point2d/3d` locate on a middle point of the `LineSegment2d`.

<a name="C-HV"></a>Horizontal & Vertical
---

`SLVS_C_HORIZONTAL`
---

<kbd>2D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.horizontal(Workplane wrkpl, LineSegment2d line)
</pre>

`SLVS_C_VERTICAL`

<kbd>2D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.vertical(Workplane wrkpl, LineSegment2d line)
</pre>

Let a `LineSegment2d` to horizontal or vertical.

<a name="C-Diameter"></a>Diameter <kbd>Val</kbd>
---

`SLVS_C_DIAMETER`
---

<kbd>2D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.diameter(double diameter, Workplane wrkpl, Circular c)
</pre>

Diameter of a `Circular`.

<a name="C-Angle"></a>Angle <kbd>Val</kbd>
---

`SLVS_C_ANGLE`
---

<kbd>2D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.angle(Workplane wrkpl, double value, LineSegment2d line1, LineSegment2d line2, bool other)
</pre>

Angle of two `LineSegment2d`. In degrees.

The following formula (`A` and `B` are vector of two lines):

`(A dot B)/(|A||B|) = cos(valA)`

where A and B are vectors in the directions of lines A and B. This equation does not specify the angle unambiguously; for example, note that valA = +/- 90 degrees will produce the same equation.

If other is true, then the constraint is instead that

(A dot B)/(|A||B|) = -cos(valA)

`SLVS_C_PERPENDICULAR`
---

<kbd>2D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.perpendicular(Workplane wrkpl, LineSegment2d line1, LineSegment2d line2, bool other)
</pre>

From constraint `SLVS_C_ANGLE`.

This constraint is defined angle constraint when it is 90 degrees.

<a name="C-Parallel"></a>Parallel
---

`SLVS_C_PARALLEL`
---

<kbd>3D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.parallel(LineSegment3d line1, LineSegment3d line2)
</pre>

<kbd>2D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.parallel(Workplane wrkpl, LineSegment2d line1, LineSegment2d line2)
</pre>

Two `LineSegment2d/3d` are parallel each other.

Note that this constraint removes one degree of freedom when projected in to the plane, but two degrees of freedom in 3d.

<a name="C-Tangent"></a>Tangent <kbd>Val</kbd>
---

`SLVS_C_ARC_LINE_TANGENT`
---

<kbd>2D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.tangent(ArcOfCircle arc, LineSegment2d line, bool other)
</pre>

A `ArcOfCircle` and a `LineSegment2d` are tangent.

If the bool value is `False`, than it will tangent at its beginning `s`. If other is `True`, then the arc is tangent at its end `e`.

`SLVS_C_CUBIC_LINE_TANGENT`
---

<kbd>3D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.tangent(Cubic c, LineSegment3d l, bool other)
</pre>

A `Cubic` and a `LineSegment3d` are tangent.

If the bool value is `False`, than it will tangent at its beginning `p0`. If other is `True`, then the arc is tangent at its end `p3`.

`SLVS_C_CURVE_CURVE_TANGENT`
---

<kbd>3D</kbd> <kbd>2D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.tangent(ArcOfCircle c1, ArcOfCircle c2, bool other, bool other2)
Constraint.tangent(Cubic c1, Cubic c2, bool other, bool other2)
Constraint.tangent(ArcOfCircle c1, Cubic c2, bool other, bool other2)
Constraint.tangent(Cubic c1, ArcOfCircle c2, bool other, bool other2)
</pre>

Tangent combination of two curves.

If the bool value is `False`, than it will tangent at its beginning `s` or `p0`. If other is `True`, then the arc is tangent at its end `e` or `p3`.

<a name="C-Dragged"></a>Dragged
---

`SLVS_C_WHERE_DRAGGED`
---

<kbd>3D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.dragged(Point3d p)
</pre>

<kbd>2D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
Constraint.dragged(Workplane wrkpl, Point2d p)
</pre>

Permanently lock the `Point2d/3d` point coordinates in the current calculation of the coordinates, never change.

This constrains two degrees of freedom in a workplane, and three in free space.

Set Dragged <kbd>Tips</kbd>
---

About lock the position,  another constraint of system as follows:

<pre class="brush: python">
sys.set_dragged(Point p)
</pre>

It is command that try to fix the `Point2d/3d`, instead to move other entities.

This point will get a little of movement.

<hr>

<a name="ADD"></a>Additional Types of Constrains
===

Some additional constraints, there is no corresponding entity items available for them.

Point and Face 
---

`SLVS_C_PT_FACE_DISTANCE`

<kbd>3D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
#This feature is not Construction
</pre>

Point on Face 
---

`SLVS_C_PT_ON_FACE`

<kbd>3D</kbd> Use the command:

<pre class="brush: python">
#This feature is not Construction
</pre>